1) What is the difference between an adaptive website and a fully responsive website?
	a) - Adaptive websites need to be able to adapt and load any and ALL possible layouts.
    They take more time and resources to create them and, as a result, they tend to load 
    more slowly than a responsive site does.
    - Responsive layouts only need to be able to load the one layout that works across all 
    types of platforms available. 

2) Describe what it means to be mobile first vs desktop first.
	a) - Mobile first means exactly what it sounds like it means, mobile comes first before any
    other platforms. When working with mobile first, you focus on creating the website to adapt
    to mobile devices, ie cellpones, before adding the code that adapts the site to bigger screens
    such as desktops or television monitors.
    - In the same sense, desktop first means the opposite, desktop site is created first and then
    adapted to fit tablets and mobile devices.

3) What does font-size: 62.5% in the html tag do for us when using rem units?
	a) If the base font size is 16px, then 10px = 0.625rem or 62.5%. So the 62.5% would make the 
    font size equivalent to 10px.
    Rem units are relative to the root element. Not all browsers support rem units
    so in most cases code would use the 62.5% to accomplish this font size.
    In some cases, this solution is considered a sort of "golden rule", but many people advise 
    against it because, even though the solution may be an easier way to work the code, it
    winds up forcing the developer to rewrite all of the different font sizes within their site.
    Others find it a way of better manipulating global sizes.
    ( To avoid any chance of plagarism due to similar/paraphrased wording, this information came from 
    src= https://www.sitepoint.com/understanding-and-using-rem-units-in-css/ , and article By Adrian Sandu)

4) How would you describe preprocessing to someone new to CSS?
	a) - Preprocessing gives new meaning to the phrase "less is more". It allows for you to be able to 
    create the same amazing content without having to repeat your code multiple times just to make things
    match. For example, if you want multiple pages and sections to have the same background color, you
    can use a preprocessor to create varialbes for that particular color code. That way you don't have
    to keep writing out or searching for the correct color codes.

5) What is your favorite concept in preprocessing? What is the concept that gives you the most trouble?
	a) - So far my favorite concept or preprocessing is the different LESS files for keeping the code clean and
    more neatly organized. I always found myself scrolling through CSS and accidentally editing the wrong class
    sections and with the LESS files that doesn't happen as offten.
    - What's giving me the most trouble is mixins and parametrics. Just learning what's what and how everything works.